# Video Transcript
Screen Recording.mov (3.4GB)
Whisper: medium
Generated: Wed Apr 22 21:17:46 PKT 2026

RAW:
 any governance risk compliance as you can tell over here. These are either in a regulated market such as the EU like Dora, NISTU, but then you also have like standards you have mentioned like ISO which are voluntarily. The services that we offer are either implementation, either maintenance, internal audit, gap assessments, readiness assessments, lots of stuff like that. Given that it's very repetitive, we kind of like are using right now like Claude where we take all that evidence. We have like different skills that we have worked and then we go through that. But then we always have like human in the loop who does a review of those reports. What we are looking to do is to create almost like an automated audit where clients either grant us access to their GRC platform such as Vanta, Drata, SecureFrame, you name it, or simply like to a SharePoint, to Dropbox, whatever the case may be. That data can be either in form of like PDFs, Word documents, sometimes even the screenshots. And the problem that we are trying to solve here is first and foremost, we don't want to bug clients because they have their own day to day that they are stuck with us in the audit for the next three, four days or one week or two weeks, whatever the audit may take. And then second is that we can go, we can dive into that, you know, materials that they have and we can come into like a conclusion. Obviously, they're going to be like touch points with a client, like in the morning, afternoon, whatever it needs, like there are some stuff that still need to go through interviews and stuff like that. Maybe they have like put incorrect evidence there. So what we are trying to do, we are trying to streamline the audit process as much as possible without taking too much time of the client. And obviously, we can improve our effectiveness where we don't spend like the full four days, let's say, in one internal audit, but we can shrink that to two days to three days, you know, so increase our productivity. This was really helpful. I really appreciate you sharing that. In fact, what you have shared makes a lot of sense. So it's essentially a cyber security use case, but you are essentially trying to automate this using LLMs considering they can landscape the data very well from unstructured data sources to make it structured and then you can have multiple workflows on top of it to understand if something is compliant and you need additional information, then that workflow will be routed to the right person, either internally on your side or to the client side if you need additional information from them. Is that a good understanding overall? We don't have any integrations, let's say. They might have like on their GRC platform with Vanta and Drata that they tap into their like, let's say, Ntri into their AWS and we read like we go through like JSON files and stuff like that. But we don't have any access to their production data. And for us, rather than go in and say, Hey, can you go down to Ntra and grab me a screenshot for this? What we try to do is we give them the list ahead of time, and we give them examples and we say, follow this, you know, structure of folders, upload your evidence there, we will go in and we will, you know, inspect what you have uploaded. And sometimes you might go back and say, Look, we haven't looked for the screen. Look, maybe you need like two clicks down or maybe the it's a wrong screenshot or whatever the case might be. So yeah, that's pretty much like in a nutshell, what we're trying to do and to solve. That makes sense. In fact, I think based on what you shared just now, it would make sense to have an integration of the, so we are providing it as a service. But the idea is to make the service more structured by giving, you're already doing that, you're giving them a list, it could be a Google form as well, where you get the right data, so that everything, every prerequisite is filled beforehand. And based on that, rather than having the integration directly to their system, it would make sense to have everything get dropped in a blog storage. And we can start building our solution downstream from that considering dropping everything, taking that list and dropping everything into that blog storage, we can write our custom pipelines on how each data is handled. So you mentioned Entra, along with that, you can have logs data, you can have JSONs, everything gets dropped in a blog storage or in an S3 rather, if we're working with AWS. And we can start building our automated flow downstream from there, having different AI services in containerized environments. And finally, the output can be structured into what the report is based on some agentic framework as an overall solution or recipe. However, if there is there are particular clients, if you want to integrate Vanta, for instance, it would make sense to integrate that with your blog storage so that if particular client needs come in, you don't update your entire pipeline, you just update the first layer within the pipeline of that blog storage, getting integrated with systems like Vanta, so that the extraction of data that's happening from there gets dropped directly into into S3. To give you a particular example of that, we have done something very similar for HubSpot integration, where we're getting millions of email engagement data from HubSpot directly to S3 so that we could model it and make the optimal data mapping downstream so that we are not bugging the client, particularly in a scenario where clients are focused on their main job role, and we are providing them a service, it doesn't make sense to keep bugging them multiple times. So what you have shared so far makes sense in terms of solution strategy, I understand what is expected. In terms of next steps, I'm thinking if we could structure this into a formal proposal in terms of what the technical side would look like. What are your thoughts on that considering this is what I think? Yeah, what I would be interested to know is would you offer that as a service or is it something that you can set up in our infrastructure and then we can run it? I would like to know are we going to use any API like from the public AI like commercial cloud, GPT, whatever open AI, or that's going to be something custom in terms of like if I need to run it once, two, three times, like how much that would cost because sometimes you need to do like the full thing, maybe you need to do a partial. And then most importantly would be like the quality of it, you know, as you have mentioned, like throughout like the hallucinations and stuff like that so we can minimize our time to going into correcting and doing all that stuff. So where would that data receipt, will it be in our infrastructure? Is it going to be like a private LLM that we start to train it and build on top of it or would it be like with somebody else? And then what would the cost in terms of like us running that and then obviously what would your cost be? So if you can maybe just put like a rough idea and then probably like sometimes next week we can meet again and we can go further. Surely that sounds reasonable. Just to give you a high level idea, our focus is going to be so we have done this as a service. We don't have a product that does exactly this but we have done this multiple times as a service for other clients. So I think that setting would make more sense where we create the pipeline for you and it resides in your architecture and the API calls will ensure that the infrastructure that we are staying within, we make it compliant to the relevant governance so that even if we are making external API calls considering that would be more cost-optimal, hosting an LLM locally would incur additional costs. So my recommendation would be to go with the API calls but also have all the tweaks with it. If you are sending code to cloud using the cloud UI, that does not provide you the full scalability that you get when you do the API call within your system and along with that would be the major AI cost. However, on top of it there will be some minor cost in terms of observability and retaining pipeline and feedback loops. Those are negligible compared to the actual API call. So I'm referring to technologies like LAMF use for ensuring monitorability so that you can see how your system evolves over time. So that would be the main part of the project and then from there on in terms of handover, we can try to understand if someone on your side would be capable to review the latest AI updates to ensure that the models are updated frequently. If not, we can also provide that as a service that we can audit once every month or based on whatever works best for you. This is what I'm thinking in terms of the proposal that we'll start putting out. No, that's perfect. That's perfect. Makes sense. Makes sense. Okay. Also, Farhan, I think if we work with this in the right way, it will add value of volume three degrees. Firstly, it will improve your general efficiency like your things will be getting faster. But the thing is you will get the competitive advantage if someone is doing ISO compliance in eight to 12 minutes, your firm can do in like four to six. So I'm not sure that it will be drastically reducing your time length. And then you can create this as your own automation product that you can white label or send to other ones as well. Because it will be your idea, you will be the one doing this first. And then you can keep adding different ISOs that will help the other firms can use your system as a tool to do the same compliance you're usually doing because you are expert and no one has done this. So it will be an amazing idea to make it complete. Oh, that's great. Thanks. I mean, effectiveness, timing, standardizing the audit reports, all of them look the same. If they have like two ISO standards, or maybe they have a SOC 2 and ISO, they're like mappings. And there are like a lot of things that they can be overlapped. So we can do these like integrated audits or integrated assessments, if you will. So those are the things that you know. But let's start with the baby steps, see how it works. And then maybe once we have a proof of concept, we can start and build on top of it. Exactly. That is how we also go. Farth can explain. We always love to recommend proof of concept first, taking the evidence to the MVP and then to the pilot and go live stages. So this is how we build up one upon one. So Farth, for the next step, if you require some details, I can drop in an email. Or please do let me know. Will do. On a high level, we're good for now. If there are more granular details needed, we'll follow up on email. Sounds good. Sounds good. Okay. Thank you, Aaron. Thanks, Jan. Just before we drop, let me just confirm. Aaron at bitscura.com. This is the most, this is the email you are most, you know, meeting with each other. Yeah. And is there any specific days or time at which you are working? So we try to line up the time zones or, you know, specific days. For next week, give me a quick second. Next week. Any, like this time works, if you want to do it earlier on, like an hour, so you don't say, like, I don't know, I can tell right now in Islamabad, it's like 530. So if you want to do it earlier, so you can, you know, you don't stay behind, we can even do it earlier than this. So let me book the same time for next week for the 27th. What we will do is send you with an email, the details. If we have some deep questions, we'll send you that as well. And we will have a walkthrough of the, you know, the RFP or, you know, how the thing will look for you on the paper. And we will have a walkthrough of the next week. I look forward to it. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks very much. And have a great week ahead. Okay. Have a good one. Bye bye.

CLEANED:
Any governance risk compliance as you can tell over here. These are either in a regulated market such as the EU like Dora, NISTU, but then you also have like standards you have mentioned like ISO which are voluntarily. The services that we offer are either implementation, either maintenance, internal audit, gap assessments, readiness assessments, lots of stuff like that. Given that it's very repetitive, we kind of like are using right now like Claude where we take all that evidence. We have like different skills that we have worked and then we go through that. But then we always have like human in the loop who does a review of those reports. What we are looking to do is to create almost like an automated audit where clients either grant us access to their GRC platform such as Vanta, Drata, SecureFrame, you name it, or simply like to a SharePoint, to Dropbox, whatever the case may be. That data can be either in form of like PDFs, Word documents, sometimes even the screenshots. And the problem that we are trying to solve here is first and foremost, we don't want to bug clients because they have their own day to day that they are stuck with us in the audit for the next three, four days or one week or two weeks, whatever the audit may take. And then second is that we can go, we can dive into that, you know, materials that they have and we can come into like a conclusion. Obviously, they're going to be like touch points with a client, like in the morning, afternoon, whatever it needs, like there are some stuff that still need to go through interviews and stuff like that. Maybe they have like put incorrect evidence there. So what we are trying to do, we are trying to streamline the audit process as much as possible without taking too much time of the client. And obviously, we can improve our effectiveness where we don't spend like the full four days, let's say, in one internal audit, but we can shrink that to two days to three days, you know, so increase our productivity. This was really helpful. I really appreciate you sharing that. In fact, what you have shared makes a lot of sense. So it's essentially a cyber security use case, but you are essentially trying to automate this using LLMs considering they can landscape the data very well from unstructured data sources to make it structured and then you can have multiple workflows on top of it to understand if something is compliant and you need additional information, then that workflow will be routed to the right person, either internally on your side or to the client side if you need additional information from them. Is that a good understanding overall? We don't have any integrations, let's say. They might have like on their GRC platform with Vanta and Drata that they tap into their like, let's say, Ntri into their AWS and we read like we go through like JSON files and stuff like that. But we don't have any access to their production data. And for us, rather than go in and say, Hey, can you go down to Ntra and grab me a screenshot for this? What we try to do is we give them the list ahead of time, and we give them examples and we say, follow this, you know, structure of folders, upload your evidence there, we will go in and we will, you know, inspect what you have uploaded. And sometimes you might go back and say, Look, we haven't looked for the screen. Look, maybe you need like two clicks down or maybe the it's a wrong screenshot or whatever the case might be. So yeah, that's pretty much like in a nutshell, what we're trying to do and to solve. That makes sense. In fact, I think based on what you shared just now, it would make sense to have an integration of the, so we are providing it as a service. But the idea is to make the service more structured by giving, you're already doing that, you're giving them a list, it could be a Google form as well, where you get the right data, so that everything, every prerequisite is filled beforehand. And based on that, rather than having the integration directly to their system, it would make sense to have everything get dropped in a blog storage. And we can start building our solution downstream from that considering dropping everything, taking that list and dropping everything into that blog storage, we can write our custom pipelines on how each data is handled. So you mentioned Entra, along with that, you can have logs data, you can have JSONs, everything gets dropped in a blog storage or in an S3 rather, if we're working with AWS. And we can start building our automated flow downstream from there, having different AI services in containerized environments. And finally, the output can be structured into what the report is based on some agentic framework as an overall solution or recipe. However, if there is there are particular clients, if you want to integrate Vanta, for instance, it would make sense to integrate that with your blog storage so that if particular client needs come in, you don't update your entire pipeline, you just update the first layer within the pipeline of that blog storage, getting integrated with systems like Vanta, so that the extraction of data that's happening from there gets dropped directly into into S3. To give you a particular example of that, we have done something very similar for HubSpot integration, where we're getting millions of email engagement data from HubSpot directly to S3 so that we could model it and make the optimal data mapping downstream so that we are not bugging the client, particularly in a scenario where clients are focused on their main job role, and we are providing them a service, it doesn't make sense to keep bugging them multiple times. So what you have shared so far makes sense in terms of solution strategy, I understand what is expected. In terms of next steps, I'm thinking if we could structure this into a formal proposal in terms of what the technical side would look like. What are your thoughts on that considering this is what I think? Yeah, what I would be interested to know is would you offer that as a service or is it something that you can set up in our infrastructure and then we can run it? I would like to know are we going to use any API like from the public AI like commercial cloud, GPT, whatever open AI, or that's going to be something custom in terms of like if I need to run it once, two, three times, like how much that would cost because sometimes you need to do like the full thing, maybe you need to do a partial. And then most importantly would be like the quality of it, you know, as you have mentioned, like throughout like the hallucinations and stuff like that so we can minimize our time to going into correcting and doing all that stuff. So where would that data receipt, will it be in our infrastructure? Is it going to be like a private LLM that we start to train it and build on top of it or would it be like with somebody else? And then what would the cost in terms of like us running that and then obviously what would your cost be? So if you can maybe just put like a rough idea and then probably like sometimes next week we can meet again and we can go further. Surely that sounds reasonable. Just to give you a high level idea, our focus is going to be so we have done this as a service. We don't have a product that does exactly this but we have done this multiple times as a service for other clients. So I think that setting would make more sense where we create the pipeline for you and it resides in your architecture and the API calls will ensure that the infrastructure that we are staying within, we make it compliant to the relevant governance so that even if we are making external API calls considering that would be more cost-optimal, hosting an LLM locally would incur additional costs. So my recommendation would be to go with the API calls but also have all the tweaks with it. If you are sending code to cloud using the cloud UI, that does not provide you the full scalability that you get when you do the API call within your system and along with that would be the major AI cost. However, on top of it there will be some minor cost in terms of observability and retaining pipeline and feedback loops. Those are negligible compared to the actual API call. So I'm referring to technologies like LAMF use for ensuring monitorability so that you can see how your system evolves over time. So that would be the main part of the project and then from there on in terms of handover, we can try to understand if someone on your side would be capable to review the latest AI updates to ensure that the models are updated frequently. If not, we can also provide that as a service that we can audit once every month or based on whatever works best for you. This is what I'm thinking in terms of the proposal that we'll start putting out. No, that's perfect. That's perfect. Makes sense. Makes sense. Okay. Also, Farhan, I think if we work with this in the right way, it will add value of volume three degrees. Firstly, it will improve your general efficiency like your things will be getting faster. But the thing is you will get the competitive advantage if someone is doing ISO compliance in eight to 12 minutes, your firm can do in like four to six. So I'm not sure that it will be drastically reducing your time length. And then you can create this as your own automation product that you can white label or send to other ones as well. Because it will be your idea, you will be the one doing this first. And then you can keep adding different ISOs that will help the other firms can use your system as a tool to do the same compliance you're usually doing because you are expert and no one has done this. So it will be an amazing idea to make it complete. Oh, that's great. Thanks. I mean, effectiveness, timing, standardizing the audit reports, all of them look the same. If they have like two ISO standards, or maybe they have a SOC 2 and ISO, they're like mappings. And there are like a lot of things that they can be overlapped. So we can do these like integrated audits or integrated assessments, if you will. So those are the things that you know. But let's start with the baby steps, see how it works. And then maybe once we have a proof of concept, we can start and build on top of it. Exactly. That is how we also go. Farth can explain. We always love to recommend proof of concept first, taking the evidence to the MVP and then to the pilot and go live stages. So this is how we build up one upon one. So Farth, for the next step, if you require some details, I can drop in an email. Or please do let me know. Will do. On a high level, we're good for now. If there are more granular details needed, we'll follow up on email. Sounds good. Sounds good. Okay. Thank you, Aaron. Thanks, Jan. Just before we drop, let me just confirm. Aaron at bitscura.com. This is the most, this is the email you are most, you know, meeting with each other. Yeah. And is there any specific days or time at which you are working? So we try to line up the time zones or, you know, specific days. For next week, give me a quick second. Next week. Any, like this time works, if you want to do it earlier on, like an hour, so you don't say, like, I don't know, I can tell right now in Islamabad, it's like 530. So if you want to do it earlier, so you can, you know, you don't stay behind, we can even do it earlier than this. So let me book the same time for next week for the 27th. What we will do is send you with an email, the details. If we have some deep questions, we'll send you that as well. And we will have a walkthrough of the, you know, the RFP or, you know, how the thing will look for you on the paper. And we will have a walkthrough of the next week. I look forward to it. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks very much. And have a great week ahead. Okay. Have a good one. Bye bye.
